Documentation: Update Grafana Enterprise caching documentation (#33398)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/enterprise-configuration.md

## [caching]

> **Note:** Available in Grafana Enterprise v7.5 and later versions.

When query caching is enabled, Grafana temporarily stores the results of data source queries and serves cached responses to similar requests.

### backend

The caching backend to use when storing cached queries. Options: memory

> > **Note:** This setting enables the caching feature, and does not enable query caching for any data source. To enable query caching for a data source, visit the data source's configuration page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This setting enables the caching feature, and does not enable query caching for any data source. To enable query caching for a data source, refer to the data source’s configuration page.
```
#consistency
